OSDOCS-18373 HE-3 CQA B2 (#117337)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/psap-node-feature-discovery-operator.adoc

= About the Node Feature Discovery Operator

endif::perf[]
[role="_abstract"]

> The Node Feature Discovery Operator (NFD) detects hardware features and system configuration on cluster nodes, labeling them with attributes such as PCI cards, kernel version, operating system version, and CPU capabilities. These labels enable workload scheduling based on specific hardware requirements.

Reviewer: Could this be [user-centric](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xRc_licMTbLrLG9vmJ4bP9aPk6mzwwly5lGlkRz9d9s/edit?tab=t.0), as the guidelines call for?

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can use the Node Feature Discovery Operator (NFD) to detect hardware features and system configuration on cluster nodes, labeling them with attributes such as PCI cards, kernel version, operating system version, and CPU capabilities. These labels enable workload scheduling based on specific hardware requirements.
```
